# Extending-static-graphic-engine
I have to do it from scratch or look at books but I don't know where I put my old stuff. Now, you can seriously extend a graphic engine by adding textures relationships with reflection models for example. There must be other ways. Then, you can validate models but I don't know if it's best to use old models in physics. After that, you can ask help from technical artists. Be aware that some softwares can help you seperating datas from images. Currently, I didn't mastered SVBRDF and BTF. So, yo can also use nodal modes if you create patching technology if you want.Coming soon with the latest technologies but I have to finish my open world scripting langage first. As I said, I don't know where github put my old graphic engine. Finally, it seems that there are lot of technologies in Internet and I have to keep focus on those things ! So, I prefer to do the next millestones from scratch ! I had enough ! Let(s continue with log(x) or log( square root of x) or even log(x)*log(x).
if im not wrong, you can use some formulas from pdfs like this : https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&opi=89978449&url=https://lear.inrialpes.fr/people/triggs/events/iccv03/cdrom/iccv03/0870_tan.pdf&ved=2ahUKEwjKs6PP9_6HAxUnUKQEHf0fFDYQFnoECBgQAQ&usg=AOvVaw31wjZAjkNbsh9nOePJJfsT
you dint need everything that belongs to hour plans. on the other hand, i can create another langage for this subject if i extract some datas from the previous logarithms functions. notice that here im not talking about pdfd.
